We are bound by the Privacy Act and will protect your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles. These principles govern how we can collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information.

This is a summary of our Privacy Policy. Please click here to go to the Westpac's Privacy Policy website.

What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?
When you apply for our products or services, we collect information that is necessary to be able to provide you with those products or services. For instance, we may ask for identification information such as your name, address and date of birth.

Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
The main reason we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information is so we can provide you with products and services. This may include:

Checking your eligibility for the product or service;
Providing you with the product or service; and
Helping you manage the product or service.
How do we collect personal information?
We collect most personal information directly from you. We may also collect information from you electronically; for instance, when you visit our website.

Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other people. For instance, from other Westpac Group companies or from publicly available sources of information.

How do we hold personal information?
Much of the personal information we hold will be stored electronically in secure Westpac Group owned data centres. These data centres are located in Australia. We use a range of security measures to protect the personal information we hold.

Who do we disclose your personal information to, and why?
We may share your personal information with other Westpac Group companies. Sometimes we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside the Westpac Group. For example, service providers such as mailing houses, insurers, and credit reporting bodies.

Do we disclose personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to recipients located outside Australia. These entities may include:

Westpac Group companies;
Westpac Group service providers; and
Partner organisations.
Do we use or disclose personal information for marketing?
We will use your personal information to offer you products and services that we believe may interest you. We will not do this if you tell us not to.

We may also disclose your personal information to companies outside the Westpac Group who assist us to market our products and services.

If you don't want to receive marketing offers from us please contact us on the details listed at 'Contact us'.

Access to and correction of personal information
You can request access to the personal information we hold about you. You can also ask for corrections to be made. To do so, please contact us on the details listed at 'Contact us'.

Resolving your privacy concerns and complaints - your rights
If you are concerned about how your personal information is being handled or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us on the details listed at 'Contact us'.

If you are unhappy with our response, there are other bodies you can go to. Please click here for details of the bodies who can consider your complaint.

Contact us
You can contact us by:

Emailing <a href="mailto:quickstream@qvalent.com">quickstream@qvalent.com</a>
Using the contact details found on the contact page
Last Update: February, 2014